Get out of here
Otherwise, it wouldn't be as simple as knocking you down
roll
Hmm, are you good at fighting?
Can you protect them all?
I'll tell you what.
I'll let the Vipers
All my men are squatting near the Langang Commercial Street
Follow everyone who comes in and out of here
At that time
I see who dares to enter your Langang Commercial Street
Who dares to come to work here?
Vipers, right?
Report your hall master
Lao Tzu is the head of the second hall of the Viper Gang, Python
Viper lends you to come to Blue Port Business Gold within 5 minutes
Clean up the portal
Do you know the leader?
Hey, hey.
Why don't you say you know the owner of the dragon shop?
Lock down here now
Don't let a fly in there.
Okay. What do you want?
Is there any king's law?
Wang law
Lao Tzu is the king
Tell you
Better be obedient to me
No one is yelling here
Whether to rent a car or not to help scammers
Don't worry.
It's me uh
Why are you here?
Ouch.
If I don't come, we will pick up the red car here.
Hey, does the girl want to kidnap the demon back?
Please uncle
helper
Misunderstanding, this person is a small vendor
There are so many of us.
Don't be afraid of him
You fool
This is my boss, Master Shen, Mr. Shen, what is he?
He is actually Shen Shenyan
Can you save Mr. Shen in the future?
Mr. Shen, you don't remember villains
It's just that I haven't known Mount Tai for a long time
Please let me go
Stop talking nonsense and talk quickly
Who sent you?
Yes!
The Shen family sent me here
Shen family